Well, good evening, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining us again
tonight. I'm excited to be here.
I have some things on my heart to talk
to you all about, but you know, you
saw Pete—is what his name
is—he's
calling all the generals
together. Will you put
our baby in? Our dog is
scratching.
We see that Pete is calling everybody in,
and he wants to have a
big meeting with all the
generals and all the people, you know,
and so I think that's interesting after
what the Lord showed us back in
January
about the rat in the White House, the
rat in the Pentagon, the rat in
a
certain governmental office. And
I believe in my heart that
we're seeing some things unfolding. I'm
believing for
people that have ill intentions towards
the United States of America to be
exposed in the days ahead.
Some people are saying that
this is him getting ready to go, we're
going to go to a major war, and there's
all kinds of speculation. It's all over
the place. But I just
don't want to participate in all that. I
just want to pray. You know, I think
it's interesting. Look at the
times. Look where we are right now. And
then we have Bibi coming tomorrow to speak
at the UN. And he will say whatever
he's going to say about Israel. And I
think that's a very important
speech tomorrow
to see what he's going to say. I'm
really curious. It kind of closes off
the week. I believe they said that on
Saturday that China and Russia will
speak. So, I wonder what they're going
to
say. So,
it's been a very interesting week,
needless to say. Do you all agree? I
think with President Trump and people
talking—I
even knew the escalators.
It's really, people are upset about
that, that they turned that escalator off
that he couldn't get up,
and
it's just dishonoring. You know, you see
this dishonoring, childish stuff that's
going on on both
sides. But I believe God
has called us as a channel to pray
and to intercede for the nations as we
see these major meetings that are going
to take place in the next, I don't know,
I think it's next week.
I just don't think that's
a
coincidence unless he just calls them in
there and, like some people say, he just
fires them all. But I think there's
something more to this.
It's
something a lot bigger than what
meets the eye.
And so that's what we're here to pray
about tonight. Let's go over some of
the things that the Lord showed us last
prayer call. When we were
praying, the Lord showed us a massive
revival. And this is what I think's
interesting because I've never seen this
before: I saw
the eastern side of California all the
way up
turning red, which would be
Republican.
And so I saw it was starting to try to
turn a red wave over the state of
California because of the people being
frustrated with how their government's
going. And so this is something to
really pray into. I really believe that
if we can pray, if we could get
California, wouldn't that be amazing? If
we could even get that in the Senate, and
all of the Senate seats and the House
seats to flip red and turn that
way for the Congress, I
think that would be something wonderful.
Diana's about to join us tonight.
She said, 'I'll come on tonight with you
and pray.'So I'm excited. She's with
me. Here she comes. Do
you have the lights? We're going to
have to get
a thing for that light not to fall over.
There you go, love.
Well, come on over, honey. Honey.
I'm making my way. I'm making my way
over.
Well, it's good to see you.
So, yeah, thank you for coming
and praying with me. So, we
all talked about it. We saw in
prayer this last time, we saw a major
revival, and the Lord showed us more into
what is coming concerning this great
revival that we believe is going to be
the greatest harvest of souls this world
has ever seen before. And I think it's
interesting over the last how many
videos, last three videos or whatever,
He has shown us a lot of things about
the glory, about the outpouring, about
the rain cloud coming. He
said the rain is no longer coming; it's
here. You're seeing the first sprinkles
of it. And with Charlie's homegoing
and all the things,
people are coming back to church,
they're coming back to God. There's an
awakening unto God. And He told us that
we would start to see a major shift
starting on the 23rd,
and that was when President
Trump spoke at the UN. And so we see all
those things. And you know what's
amazing, folks? We saw that date
clear back, praying over that time frame,
that this would be a major
Jonathan and David relationship
starting to birth in a way that we've
never seen, with a Jonathan and
David relationship and a
three-stranded
cord. We saw this this time last year
praying into that, and the Lord
would show us all this stuff and we were
interceding. Well, not this time last
year, because this time last year he
wasn't
even president. So it was
in January around that time frame,
February, and the Lord told us in that
time frame. So, you know, a
little bit further up. But what I'm
trying to say is that we knew
something was very significant
concerning the month of September, and it
was fogged out and it was circled. And
He said, 'This is a very important month
to pray over concerning major events in
the United States of America
and praying for the beginning of the
revival to start.'And who knew that
a lot of what we're seeing would
start with something so tragic with
Charlie? But as we see people
gathering together and things, we had
that, and do you all remember when I
said there'll be major—do you have that,
son?—instead
of
sporting events, they'll be called glory
events. The Lord said they'll use
sporting stadiums, massive stadiums,
for glory events in the days ahead. And
it won't just be one like we saw in
Arizona with all the believers in there
singing and worshiping and
everything because of his
homegoing, but there will be major
events in the days ahead on college
campuses. So, as we were praying in our
last prayer call, the Lord showed
us Erica, his wife, and the Lord showed
us that the face of
their ministry would change a
lot. And I saw gatherings on college
campuses around the United States of
America inside, like, glory
domes with worship events. And I saw
people like Kari
Jobe and
Elevation Music and youthful music,
with a lot of college kids. It
was worship services
with worship and praise and
salvation, talking kind of
like what you would do with any kind
of service. But I saw her really
starting to take a role doing that in
this. And so I thought that was
interesting. As I was praying
the day before,
the Lord was showing us glory events and
worship, and I saw people taking
their cell phones and holding them in the
air, and they had white shirts on, which I
don't understand—they all had
white matching shirts, and I thought that
was kind of interesting in some of these
auditoriums. And so then the Lord showed
us, like I said, I saw a red wave trying
to take California with people that were
just fed up, but a glorious outpouring.
And He even named Brentwood,
Hollywood,
and Bel-Air. Thank you, Holy Ghost. He
said there would be
major—I
saw tech moguls, like
tech people with big bucks, people that
were real smart with tech, like
Google, become radically born again. Now,
I'm not naming Google, but I'm saying it
was somebody like that,
substantial, like somebody that is
well known, gets radically born again and
helps
spread
the gospel with their finances and
resources. But the Lord showed us major
A-list Hollywood celebrities
becoming
radically on fire. And He even
named
some of the people that we should
be praying for. And they
were, some of them, what we know
as
the
Kardashians—that
we'll see the Kardashians get
radically on fire for Jesus in the days
ahead. And you said, 'Just one?'No, I saw
all of them, even the mama. A major move
of God comes on these young women.
And so, well, not young, they're the
same age as us, but I saw a
major move of God on them. And then I
saw Justin Bieber getting a fresh wind
in his sails, a fresh fire on Justin
and his wife. And then I saw—and this
is what I thought was interesting—I saw Billie
Eilish
in the background, and I
thought, 'God,
it's going to be
amazing.'I
thought Billie Eilish is great; she has a
lot of influence. And that would
be amazing if she got radically born
again. But I could see her being
influenced in the background by
Bieber.
There was something there. But
you know, we see a lot of
people—it's
maybe cool to be Christian in some
circles. You go, 'Oh, yeah,'but I'm
talking about not just being Christian
and saying, 'I'm Christian,'but I'm
talking about being radical,
where they're not just a music
artist anymore, they're a preacher.
But then whenever the Lord showed us, He
said, 'I'm going to visit the country
music industry.'And I saw a lot of
country music artists
that are already pretty vocal about
their faith become radically born again.
And there is a major move of God in
country music. But it was about sounds.
As I was praying,
the Lord was showing me new sounds,
new music,
new worship,
stuff from the throne
room—sounds
that
are life-changing
impartation music, like when you're
getting it straight from the Father. And
the Lord is about to breathe upon the
music industry like we've never seen
before with holy worship music, glory
music,
creative song ideas coming out of the
throne, and creative worship that is
heavenly
worship—that
when you're there, you go, 'This is
at another
level.'This
is at another level of worship. As
praises go up, the blessings come down.
As praises go forth, it fills
the atmosphere and it changes things.
Even like when I try to sing before
I pray, it changes the
atmosphere as you're worshiping
the Father, as you're giving Him glory.
And I'm telling you, ladies and
gentlemen, from what I saw, there's about
to be songs that we've never heard that
are coming straight out of the throne
room of God. And they're going to
be top chart songs. And
I'm telling you, we've never heard
or experienced worship like
we're about to experience. There
are
times we know that
Lucifer was
the head over all the music and
worshiping the Father, and that was his
job. So it's something that he is very
good at. But we're about to see
believers
take... You know,
he had that role, but His
children are going to get an endowment
of glory, an endowment of worshiping
the Father like we've never seen before.
So, I want you to be encouraged and have
your spiritual antenna up to hear
heavenly worship, to come with your
heart expecting God to download one of
those songs, not for profit and so you
can fill your pockets up, but for giving
my Father glory.
Do you see what I'm saying? The
money is a byproduct of it,
folks. Money is a byproduct of it.
God doesn't care about you having it, as
long as it doesn't have you.
But not doing a song for the sake of
becoming well-known or famous. Fame will
come because He's getting glory. It's
like what we always hear them say:
'Attract to deflect.'Kathryn
Kuhlman
always said to attract
to deflect. And so that's what it's
about. And I'm telling you, Jesus is
about to get the glory, and it's going to
be beautiful. And that's through music.
But I saw country artists. I saw pop
artists
like Justin and these people
having songs that are at another level.
Then I saw, again, Holy
Ghost-like
mansions in Brentwood and these areas,
full of celebrities who just wanted
their privacy, who couldn't probably go
into a church like we go to because it's
a distraction and they've got all these
people trying to say, 'Will you sign my
autograph?'—you
know, all this stuff. They
just want to come in and let their
guard down without somebody taking a
selfie and taking a picture, where they
can cry a week before the Lord and not
be exposed, and be able to be vulnerable
and just say, 'God, I need
You,'versus,
'I'm no longer a celebrity right
now. I'm just a person who has a
need.
I'm a person who just needs a touch from
Jesus, just like you.'And I saw
mansions, big homes, and
there
were chairs and
get-together
places on their couches or
whatever. And they were just having like
a Bible study
or a prayer gathering, or whatever you
would want to call it, of worship. And
the glory of the Lord was all in those
homes. And I saw major
celebrities. And the Lord told
us—remember
Chris Pratt? Is that right?
Chris—the
Lord told us, He said
that he is about to have a major, radical
encounter again. A fresh fire, fresh
glory on this man. And Mel Gibson, about
the movie 'The Passion of the Christ 2',
to not give up on that. I'm telling
you, there's going to be a major move of
God in all of Hollywood,
that God is going to show up and show
off in these people's lives who have a
huge platform.
Then He showed us to pray for YouTubers.
And then I saw one of the
YouTubers that He even visits
here—I
forget his channel's name,
babe—Scammer
Payback. He even told us about
Scammer Payback. And I saw that young
man and I saw a whirlwind turning on the
inside of him and becoming a major
mouthpiece
for the glory of God in the days
ahead boldly.
And I saw a Holy Ghost turn. You
know, like when you see water that's
turning, I saw water that was turning on
the inside of him. And I saw the
glory of the Lord coming forth out of
this young man. But the Lord
showed me that that water
would come up out of us and it would
spread to others like fire. The water
of
the Holy Ghost would spread up out of us,
and we would start to influence other
influencers.
But the Lord said, 'If I be lifted up,
I will draw all men unto Me.'But it was
to get the glory out. And He said,
'Greater influence, greater
glory.'Watch
what happens with even great
YouTubers. Watch what I do in these last
days with great influencers.
It's all hands on deck. But you're about
to see people who do
have platforms start using their
platforms even more for the glory of God
with huge celebrity influence. And so
that was what we prayed for this last...
Oh, and sports people! And then He
talked to us about LeBron James, and I
thought that was interesting. He said
he'll retire soon. Everybody will go, 'Well,
of course he will.'No, I'm talking
about there's something more to this. I
saw—and
I'm not
trying to be controversial—but I saw
the king
be dethroned,
the name, King James, all this stuff.
There's more to this.
There's more to this. And it was not a
good thing.
King James, King, all this stuff. And the
Lord said this would be dethroned.
A humbling is coming.
And I don't know
what that means, but I saw a humbling
coming—a
play on words,
there was a play on words there. And
like I said, I don't try to be
controversial; I'm just telling you what
I saw.
There's something more to a dethroning
of a king, of what he considers himself
that way,
above the King of kings, the Lord of
lords, Jesus Christ. King James Version,
King, all this stuff, and that's what I
was seeing in the air. But
the Lord said, 'I'm about to do... There's
about to be something so huge happen in
the NBA.'There's about to be something
huge happen in the NFL and the major
league. He said, "Watch what I'm about
to do in these
areas."So,
that's what we were praying over.
Was there more, son? He was in here.
But I just wanted to tell you all I
was so excited because I could hear them
singing, "Set a fire down in my soul
that I can't contain, that I can't
control. I want more of you, God. I want
more of you, God."I was hearing that and
they were singing it,
but it was a cappella,
not having music
playing in the background. They were
just singing songs like that and
they were worshiping, and the glory was
in the room. You know whenever
you can't hear a pin drop,
like whenever it gets that way and it's
a holy hush? It's so quiet you
can hear it.
Yes, yes.
Thanks, baby. Yep. That's the way it
was. It was like this. You just go,
"What is a hush?"A holy hush
all throughout the auditorium, and you
can feel it. And when you have, you
know, 50,000 people and there's a holy
hush, it makes you feel
weird. It's like you go,
"What?"But,
you know, the glory is there.
I'm telling you all, it's time to have
your spiritual expectation meter
higher—that
God is going to show up and show
off in your local church and in your
life. To believe as we close out this
week in the next two days, three days,
getting ready for a new week. We had
such a—this was such
a—I
don't even know how to explain
it. Do you? It was such a glorious week.
It was tangible for us in our
household as we were seeking Him, and
I just stopped and I
said,
"You know, there's certain things
you feel when you
pray."I
told you, tapping into the spirit realm
will be as easy as taking a breath.
Tapping into the glory will be as easy
as a fish swims in the water or a bird
that flies in the air.
It's effortless. Instead of it being like,
"Well, I don't know, will we get
there?"That's
how it was. You can just tap.
It was like whenever they say
Iraq's oil is just on the surface and you
don't have to dig down very far, and you
hit an oil gusher in some places in
Iraq. That's what I've heard. I don't
know if it's true or not, but
tapping into
an oil vein that is just—it's not
deep, it's just right there.
And I believe, as what we have
seen with the press and the olive oil,
the olive and the press on the church,
as we come up
higher with the fire, we're about to see
an
impartation
of worship and the glory like we've
always dreamed of.
And I know I say the same thing a lot,
but I say it because I asked the Lord,
"Why do you want me to say it so much?
Why do you want me to keep rehearsing
this?"He
said, "It's the same thing I had
the older prophets do, telling that
Jesus was
coming."They
recorded it in the Bible once, but
they said it all the time.
The Lord said, "They recorded it in the
Word, Brandon, but they went around
telling people that the King was
coming."Just
because they didn't write it down
in the Word—you'd be reading forever.
Somebody's life they lived 40, 50, 60
years, I don't know. But that was
their main mission: to warn the people of
what Jesus was doing, what's about to
happen.
So you recorded in the Word maybe once
or twice, like a Jeremiah warning the
people, but he was echoing it through
the streets: "Judgment's coming. This is
coming. The Lord's coming."Do you think
Noah only warned them one time as he's
building the boat for a hundred and some
years?
He's out there building the boat, he's
out there working. "Hey, there's a flood
coming"one
time? I'm sure he warned
them
every single day. We don't know, but
I'm sure he did. He's out there
beating on that boat warning
them,
"Hey, there's a flood coming, you
crazy old man."Huh? He's out there
yelling as loud as he could, "Hey, there's a
flood
coming."And
"This guy is nuts."And he gets on the
boat, and the hand of the
Lord shuts the ark. And guess what,
ladies and gentlemen? It was too
late.
And that's what we're about to see. I
really believe we're at a time that the
ark is open right now. And there are many
of you all that are lost,
many of you that do not know Jesus
Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I see the emails, and I know you
don't know Him.
But I'm going to tell you, the ark door
is closing. And as in the days of Noah,
so will it be when the Son of Man
returns. It will happen suddenly. The
rain is coming.
Time is running out as you know it.
He's having us yell as loud as we can to
get on the boat before it's too late.
There's a major harvest of souls coming,
folks. But He required His
prophetic voices to speak it, to say it,
to say it, to say it again, because life
and death is in the power of the tongue.
And your words
bring forth reality
because of the fact that
we are made in His image. And as He
spoke it, as He said it, we see
it:
"Let there be light. Let there be
birds and all this stuff.
Let there be man."And it was all created by
His words. And as He is, so are we
in this world, and we're joint heirs of Jesus
Christ. And He said, "You are a speaking
spirit. Say it out of your mouth.
Tell them that I'm coming."And, "I
do nothing in this earth unless I reveal
it to my prophetic voices first."The
watchmen are
the ones that are on the
wall warning the people what's coming:
"There's a revival coming. There's a major
shaking coming. There's a major shaking
to awaken coming."Are you ready for the
coming of the Lord Jesus Christ?
As we yell upon the wall telling people
that He's coming, He's coming, He's
coming, you go, "I heard it. Is that
all you ever say?"Yes, I say it because
you need to hear. "He that has ears to
hear, let him hear what the Spirit is
saying."It's
time to get ready. It's
time to get your heart right. The boat,
the ark door is closing. The rain
is
falling. "Can these bones
live?"He
said, "Can these bones live?"He said it
again this last time. "I hear the sound
of an abundance of rain. I hear the
sound. I hear the sound. I hear the
sound."And
it sounds redundant.
You go, "Ah, I want to hear something
new."But
that's what you need to hear.
That's what He said.
"Faith cometh by hearing and hearing and
hearing and hearing."Not having just
heard once, but hearing it over and over
and over again. Faith comes by hearing,
and hearing. Jesus Christ is coming,
and there'll be many false prophets
rising
up. The Word always told us that
they said, "Hey, this is what's
coming."But
my job is to continue to tell you. It
wasn't the 23rd, it wasn't the 24th, and
we're still here, but He said, "Occupy
until He comes. It's all hands on
deck. He wants a harvest."And people
argue and say, "Brandon, it's a great
falling away."I didn't say there wasn't.
The Bible says there would be, but He's
still going after—leaving the 99 to go
after the one.
And I'm telling you, ladies and
gentlemen, we're about to see the former
and
latter rain like we've never
seen before, with one final
push.
And I believe that started on the 23rd.
I believe we saw it this week on Sunday
when He said, "As of this week and
Charlie's funeral and all the
things."And
here we are, we're seeing it. And here we
are, tomorrow's Friday,
and we see all the things, and He said,
"Watch the fig tree.
Watch the fig tree."It all
started over there.
It started over there, and it's going to
end over there. It's about the people of
Israel. It's about the Jewish people.
Do you see it, ladies and
gentlemen? It started there, and it will
end there. And here we see all these
people say, "We want a two-state
solution. We want to divide Jerusalem.
We want to do all these things and have
a Palestinian state."And it's all about
Jerusalem, just like it was thousands of
years ago. They're still fighting and
still doing all the stuff they've ever
done, but it's all about the coming of
the Lord Jesus Christ now.
So what will Benjamin say
tomorrow? I don't know, but I think it's
interesting, don't you? It's the week.
Nobody could five months ago,
six months ago; they won't even—do you
understand? That is strategic.
Look at that. The Lord, it's like Sister
Billie
always says, 'Oh, what a plan. Oh,
what a planner.'That's 'Oh, what a plan.
Oh, what a planner.'And you start
getting things before they are even
announced in the news, and you start
praying over things six or seven months
in advance, and you go, 'Only God, only
God'concerning
the week of the 23rd, and
here we are, and it's almost over. What
did we see? We see a lot
of dividing, and we see a lot of things,
rumors of wars. Russia saying,
'We're ready to kick this thing off at
another
level.'The
United States saying, 'We're about to do
what we're going to do to
you,'and
everybody's flexing right now. You've got
the big gorillas in the room. They
say,
'You're going to do
this,'and
'We're going to do
this.'And
I'm going, 'Oh, we don't want any of
this. We want peace.'But at the same
time, you see the war
drums being beaten, just like the Lord
told us. Do you remember that vision? I
saw Turkey, and they started
beating these massive drums, boom
boom,
and the war drums started sounding all
throughout the land.
And then I saw biological weapons
coming up out of Israel, out of Damascus
to attack with a mustard gas spraying the
Jewish people, and they
sprayed them, and
it was the most horrific
thing I've ever seen. But as that
happened,
coming out of Damascus, Damascus becomes
a ruinous heap.
They glow in the
dark—I'm
talking bad.
And then
Turkey will come to Syria's
defense, and they'll become like a
wounded brother. He'll be a wounded
brother. And I saw Turkey and these
other Arab nations saying,
'You shouldn't have done
that.'And
it is actually a foot-troop war.
I saw soldiers marching against Israel.
But the hand of the Lord
defended Israel in the days ahead. I saw
they were planning
something in the middle of the night.
And you remember all this if you
prayed with us for a time. I saw
that was coming out of the sides of
mountains in Iran.
And they had trucks full of this stuff,
semi-trucks.
And they were bringing
those trucks, and they were bringing it
in secretly. And they're in
50-gallon
drums,
planning an attack worse than October
7th—another
wave. And the Lord said,
'You must pray.
You must
pray.'Do
you remember this? Even before the
escalation with Iran and Israel in the
days past, when that 12-day war,
whatever it was, and then Trump
said peace, but I saw another plan
coming—another
planned attack, another major
event will come worse than
October 7th, worse,
the Lord warned us. And remember,
we pray over this.
Our job is always a call to prayer, not a
call to fear.
People don't understand the purpose of
our channel. Our channel is to pray
and to intercede, but God shows us what
to pray about and what's coming. And I
just believe,
as we pray for America,
that as we stand with Israel in the days
ahead, there's a
retaliation within—a Red Dawn
experience. Remember that. I've told you
this. I've said these words so many
times that it is over the top. A Red
Dawn experience, a Pearl Harbor type of
event. Remember, and I warned you all. I
said, 'Remember Pearl Harbor? It was
when people did not expect it.'A Red
Dawn event, the enemy within, the enemy
within ten major cities. To pray over
these major cities, to pray over our
nation
for Homeland Security, FBI, our
local sheriff's department, to
uncover the demonic. And look what
happened in New York a couple of days ago
with the secret communication. And I
said, 'Remember when I told you all I saw
secret communication?'They were
communicating in a way that was not able
to be detected,
and they find 100,000 SIM cards, and they
find all this stuff. That's a way that
they were obviously
communicating. But is there more?
Probably.
I said it's well-funded. They used on the
news the exact words that we've been
praying over: 'well-funded.'This looks
like not just this group
of people, but it was through crypto and
all these other things. And then the Lord
showed us all that we've been praying
over this stuff
for—what
is it, almost over a year now?
We've been interceding, and what we
were praying over is in the news.
When you have government officials
on a TV thing quoting the same thing we
got in prayer, you know you're on the
right road. Praying over college
campuses, praying over major sporting
events—I've
told you about the drones.
I saw them flying into stadiums and
being set off.
How many times have I said 'major
public gatherings'to pray over this
stuff? And the Lord has warned us over
and over and over again.
So that's just what I have to say about
all that, y'all. But I just think it's
interesting
as we pray and we seek His face. He
said, 'If my people who are called by my
name will humble themselves and pray and
turn from their wicked ways.'And that's
what I believe we're doing.
And then He's warned us
about earthquakes. He's warned us about
major earthquakes. We had another huge
earthquake. He's talking about
earthquakes and shakings in Seattle
and in British Columbia. He's talking
about major financial things
coming, a major plague coming. He warns
us and warns us and warns us as a good
father should. If we, being evil,
give good gifts to our children, how
much more does our Heavenly Father love
us and give good gifts to us?
If we will be that good and we want to
bless our kids, how much more does He?
But He warns you.
How long He gave Noah and them?
A hundred-plus years, a hundred years of warning
before something major happened.
Most people, within just six months, they
go, 'Well, I don't remember that word. I
remember it's false. You know, I don't
know about that. I didn't hear
it.'Kim
Clement gave that word about Esther or
whatever that was about Erica
14 years prior before it
manifested. And I'm sure people back
then thought, 'Kim is off. He is false. He
ain't hearing God.'Listen, Kim Clement
now, he's not even here. He went home to
be with the Lord. But his word that he
gave clear back in 2011 is manifesting
today. And it's one of the most accurate
prophetic words that I can hear of this
generation, but he's not even here. His
daughter is,
and his family. But do you
understand?
It's not always in your timing. It's not
a microwave; it's a slow
cooker. But God is faithful.
And when you're calling these things out
and you're saying what's coming,
and they say, 'Well, I didn't see it in
six months'—because I get
persecuted a lot. They say a lot,
but
yeah, there's a lot going on.
And so, all that to say
this: you're always going to have
haters. Haters are going to be hating.
That's it. But my job is to keep
praying. And I'm thankful for every
single one of you that have come to pray
with us and intercede for the nations,
because I believe the power of prayer
changes things. I believe the power of
prayer changes things, don't you?
For sure.
Yep.
No question.
And we're about to see something we've
always dreamed of with the glorious
church.
I have such an anticipation
to see my Asian people, my friends,
get born again and have a radical move
of God in the Asian community. As we
keep preaching, folks, we had another 20
get saved, we had five. It seems
like sometimes when you
only get 20 people born again
in South Korea and five born in
China, I go, 'Oh, Lord, are we making
any?'But
the Lord said,
'Brandon, five here, five here, five
here, 20, 20, 20 adds up to a lot over
time, because then they're going to tell
their families, and it's generational
change.'It's
generational change. And I think,
but God, we need tens of
millions.
Help me, Lord, to have a greater influence,
a wider tent, a wider capacity to
reach the Asians for you,
to reach the Africans, to reach the South
Americans, to reach the people for you.
You know,
I get excited about this.
Braden and I, we were all dancing.
I told Diana, 'We got 20!
We got 20! We got 20!'We were dancing
around, we're so excited.
20 people got born again tonight,
you know,
because we do the live over there in the
middle of the afternoon. Braden stays up
and does everything and
translates it and talks to them.
They hear, 'You speak such good
South
Korean.'No,
we don't, but we're trying. We're really
trying so hard. We don't speak Russian.
We don't speak German. We don't speak
Japanese,
but we try to get them for Jesus.
If we can get one—I say every
time we do it, if we just get one,
wouldn't that be wonderful? If we can
just get one that was so lost that they
just found Jesus tonight. If we could
just get one for him, but we get 20, and
I'm so excited. And then we'll get 500
here or a thousand. But our whole job is
to tell you Jesus loves you and that he
has a plan for your life.
When I tell you these visitations,
they're really private for me. They're
really private for Diana.
But we become vulnerable so that
people can maybe just get a little
something, taste and see that the Lord
is good, because he's been good to
Brandon and Diana.
When I tell you these angel stories,
it's not just me. There
are
other people I know, but I tell you this
stuff and I'm very open about it,
you know, about the truck going down the
road this last time, telling you about
how Diana was pregnant with our
daughter and God showed up
and showed off for us when we didn't
have no gas in our truck
and the angel of the Lord pushed us to
the gas station.
Those are precious moments,
moments that changed Diana and I and the
children forever. Braden—Megan's still overcoming—but Braden,
it
changed him
forever. And it's still
so precious
when you get a dog raised from the dead.
And my thing, when I told you all that
no matter how much you fast, no matter
how much you pray, no matter how much
you think yourself righteous after
you do that, your righteousness is as
filthy rags.
You are only holy and only able to do
what you're able to do by grace.
It's something you don't earn and
something you don't deserve. It's grace,
ladies and gentlemen. That's what I was
trying to tell you. No matter how much
you think you can fast to become
ready—and,
boy, I
tell you what, I fasted, I prayed, I
took communion four times today, and I'm
qualified to raise the dead.
It's not about you. It's not about how
much you are righteous. It's about him.
He became sin for you. He became sick
for you. He became poor for you; through
his poverty, through his
holiness, he made a way
for you. No, it wasn't about you and how
much you did. Because
that's what I try to tell you: no matter
how holy you think you are, your
holiness is nothing compared to what he
did.
He was without sin. He became sickness,
he became sin for you.
So, that's what I was trying to get
across to you, no matter how much I
flipped out that night acting crazy.
Diana,
I tell you,
she was there
freaking out, thinking, 'I just killed the
dog.'And
then my little girl's going, 'Daddy,
just pray.'And I'm thinking God is
not going to hear me. I just flipped out
and I'm a total fool right now. God,
I'm sure he's up there shaking his
head going, 'Oh,
Brandon.'But
even in my lowest moment,
I was trying to tell you, even in my
lowest moment,
his grace was enough.
His mercy is enough. Even in your lowest
moment—you
may be the worst drug
addict,
alcoholic, gambleraholic, whatever it
may be—his grace is enough for you to
wash you clean.
It's something you don't earn and it's
something you don't deserve.
His grace is enough for you.
You may have the worst sexual problem,
and you may be looking at the worst
stuff on the internet possible, but his
grace is enough for you. If you just
confess your sins, he is faithful and
just to forgive you of your sins and
cleanse you of all unrighteousness. And
that's what I was trying to get across
that night: even in my
weirdo sin, when I was freaking out and
yelling at my kids and acting like a
fool, and they're all looking at me
going, 'Dad just lost it,'cussing and
acting up because I just killed my dog,
God showed up and showed off and raised
that dog from the dead. Even
in
my moment of embarrassment,
his grace is enough for you.
And he does. And what's amazing is it
wasn't about a dog. Even whenever
you say it's him washing your sins,
washing your life, making you whole
again—do
you understand what that takes
to get that done?
No, you don't. It was by grace. You
received by grace through faith.
You didn't earn it. You didn't deserve
it. But it cost Jesus his life.
And that's what I was trying to tell you
all. No matter how much I thought what
qualified me—what qualified me, ladies
and gentlemen, for raising the dead,
casting out devils, doing whatever I got
to do to think that I'm qualified today?
Boy, I tell you what, I haven't cussed
in the last 48 hours. I haven't
done—in
fact, Diana and I, we've been acting
great together. Do you not see that
we're doing really good? Our marriage is
awesome. I haven't been cranking her,
she hadn't been cranking me, and we're
qualified now to go around laying hands
on all the people at the churches, and
we're going to get everybody healed by
the power of God through us because
we've done it. And I'm telling everybody
we're
qualified. But the moment I looked at
her cross and she looked at me crying
like, 'Well, why are you being
great with me?'well, we just
disqualified ourselves. 'God can't use
us.'Now,
that's what the enemy tries to
tell you.
'Well, you know,
self-doubt. You had a
little bit of an anger issue there.
You're not qualified
anymore.'That's
what I was trying to tell
y'all, because he'll always come to try to
disqualify you in your own thoughts, to
make you second-guess, thinking, 'Well,
God's not going to use me, Diana. I'm
sorry.
He's not going to use me tonight on
YouTube. I can't go on there because, you
know, I got mad at the guy at the
restaurant or whatever.'Do you
understand? The old man's always
trying to get back up.
The old man is always trying to get out
of that grave, but you die daily.
And no matter how much you mess up, his
grace is enough for you.
I'm not saying practice sin and think
you can act like a fool all the
time—I'm
not saying that. But if you do mess
up, you run to God when
you sin; you don't run away from him.
And there is nobody here that doesn't have
some gossip thing going on where you're
running and slandering Sister
Clipboard, and you're going, 'Well, you
know, Sister Clipboard is at church at
the hall monitor station over there, and
I walked in and she's like, "Well, you're
late."'And,
boy, she just ticked me off.
Sister Clipboard was watching, and I came
into church today, and she saw I was late,
and she's over there being her holy self
saying, 'I strode up 30 minutes before
church got started, and here you are
running in late with your kids trying to
put them in children's church, and
Sister
Clipboard's over there taking note
of how many times you come in late on
church. See, you're not qualified to
be the head prayer person at the
church this week because you were late
five times this last Sunday, or over the last
month. And so I've been watching,
taking
note, and I turned it into the
pastor,
just telling you that you're not ready
and you're not
qualified.'It's
the truth. And you're always going
to have some Sister Clipboard up there
doing that. It's hall monitor
Christians. Do you know how many... And
now I look at... You go into a
store, they're always looking. 'I've seen you
somewhere, brother.'And I'm like, 'I've got to
hide myself.'I'm just Brandon. I
just want to go and just pray.
Well, he showed up late. Sister
Clipboard's always looking.
I'm trying to help you all.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to
say? You're never
going to get there on your own. It's all
about Jesus. It's all about His blood.
And Sister Clipboard can put her
clipboard up, and you can go in there and
just be you and say, 'Jesus, here am I.
Send
me.'Either
you believe it or you don't. But
there's always going to be somebody
trying
to disqualify you,
always.
You know what I get? Because I even get
people
to say, 'You know, I'm done talking
bad about you.'That's what I got from
a
brother. I say, 'Well, I didn't know you
were
talking bad about
me in the first place. I'm not going to
ridicule you no more. I'm not going
to run you
down.'I
say, 'Well, praise God. Praise God,
brother. I'm glad. I didn't know that
you were talking trash about me in the
first place.'Well, praise the Lord.
But you get that and you go, 'Well,
I didn't realize you
were talking trash about me, but I'm so
glad that you're not anymore.'But you
get what I'm saying? 'Well, I didn't feel
like you're qualified
enough.'I
didn't qualify myself. Jesus did.
I'm just
Brandon.
And He'll use whoever He wants to. Does
that make sense, what I'm trying to tell
y'all? There's always going to be
somebody behind the scenes saying,
'You're not qualified. You're not good
enough.''Well,
he didn't go to Bible
school. He
didn't spend five hours praying in the
Spirit this morning. And I sure didn't
see him at the altar crying. Unless
he shed a couple of tears, he ain't
ready.'I
just say,
'Okay.'So,
I just try to be real with y'all
because I deal with it, too.
And that's called spiritual Pharisees.
And they always try to say, 'Who are
you? Who are you?''Well, I don't know.
I'm Brandon.
I showed up.
I love you.'Well, you know, 'You
came to the right place if you were
looking for something a little humorous,
I guess, but
cracking me up.'Well,
because
you do, because you live in it
with me, too, and you see what we see.
And I'm telling you, I am so
beyond the political correctness
of churchianity and church Pharisaism.
I've
come to tell you
that Jesus likes the people who don't
have a spiritual ego
and just have a...
'I may have a little dirt on me, but
I'm here for you, Father. And I may have
a little bit of a scrape on my knee, but
I love you, Lord, and I just want to
help you
out.'Versus
the one that comes in that has
the hood on going, 'Oh, I'm here.
I've been fasting.
All right, let's pray.'Not trying to be
funny. I'm trying to paint
a
picture
because I'm telling you, you disqualify
yourself. And I don't know who I'm
talking to tonight, but I felt this is
for somebody.
Stop disqualifying yourself.
You never were good enough in the first
place. It was always by His grace.
And His grace is enough for you, lady.
His grace is enough for you, sir. And He
loves you. And He
will polish you up if you stay on that
potter's wheel. And you'll go, just like
I talk about, from glory to glory. He's
changing us, changing us, changing us.
His likeness and image to perfect in me,
the love of God shown to the world.
For He's changing,
He's changing me from earthly things to
the heavenly.
His likeness and image to perfect in me,
the love of God shown to the world. Do
you understand?
From glory to glory. That's why we sing
that.
From glory to glory, He's changing me,
changing me, changing. Well, I've got blue
hair. I've got purple hair. I've got pink
hair. The more, the merrier. Let's come on.
You'll get somebody
saved that I couldn't.
'Well,
I got a tattoo over
my...'You
might be able to reach a biker; I
couldn't. Do you understand?
Who you can reach, Brandon probably
couldn't. Who I can reach, you probably
couldn't. But that's why it's called a
body.
'Well, I got piercings all over me, man.
I don't even know if
they'll even allow me in
church.'You
can come to our church.
You're here. We love you. I don't see
the way you look. I don't care.
My little girl goes,
'Daddy, I always watch you. You
always go for the people that
are really kind of
strange.'I
said, 'Yeah, baby. Yeah, because they're
hurting. A lot of them are hurting. They
do that to put on a front to push you
away.'There's
a lot of hurting people. And she
goes, 'Daddy, you always go
to talking to them like
that.'And
I say, 'Yep, because I know they're hurting.
I make it a point to go to certain
Starbucks and get a drink on purpose,
even if it's a liberal place, just
because it's good ground to get
somebody saved. And I'll go to the one
that I know if I go there, I know
they're usually trans. And I
make it a point every time to try to
show Jesus to them and say, God loves
you.'And
they look at you and they go,
'Why are you all so happy? Why are you
all so happy?''Because I've got
something inside of me. He's changed me.
He's changed me.'Do you understand?
People get mad about that, but where
else are you going to get them?
There's a lot of them. I don't go
over there beating them in the head
with
the Bible at Target or any place. I
just keep showing the love of God to
people, and my kids notice it.
Tip them an extra five bucks. 'Go buy you a
coffee.''Are
you tipping people?'Well, my
goodness, yes! Showing the love of God
to folks.
I do it on purpose. I let my light shine
before all men. And you ain't going to do
it by always stiffing people and giving them a
quarter and going, 'You know,
I'm not tipping you. I ain't doing this.
I ain't going to bless you because you're a
little
different.'And
I say, I'm going to love on them, and
they're going to look at me like I'm
crazy. Now, I'm concerned sometime
they're going to spit in my food, and I
don't like them to know who I am. But
I'm just being real with y'all, you
know, as far as being
Brandon
on this platform. And
some of them know now.
But I always let my light shine.
And I heard some people say, 'Tell
people about Jesus, and then sometimes
use
words.'Sometimes
use words,
and I just try to show them love.
Just ooze it. Ooze Him
everywhere
I go, pick up my mail at my
post office box. They all want to
know, 'Who are... where are all
these people asking for prayer?
Brandon, who are you?''I'm a
blood-bought, born-again
Christian. I want to tell you
about my friend Jesus. Are you sick in
your body? Yeah. Well, let me pray for
you.'Do
you understand?
I think a lot of people think they
have to just be over-religious, passing
out tracts and hitting people in the
head with it and going, 'Well, you know,
you're going to hell,
brother.'They
already know they're going to hell. They
don't care.
But what makes you stand out?
You wear your Christian T-shirt. I
wear it. I try to dress up like Adam
Sandler a lot of times,
have some neon-looking something on.
I look like I've come out of a
movie a lot of times. I try to do that
on purpose because they look at
me and they go, 'You dress so wild,
man.'I
said, 'Yeah, I wear a lot of
neon. I wear a lot of colors.'And they
look at you, and I've got some pink shorts
on with a neon
green shirt on, and they'll go, 'This guy
looks like he is something out of a
movie.'I
do it on purpose. Yes, we
laugh about it.
And some weird shoes, and you go, 'What
is he doing?'I'm just being
fun. I love colors.
I tone it down a lot for you all because I'm
talking to thousands. But
it's just me.
I don't know. I just tried to be real
with y'all.
Let's take communion and pray.
You want to pray with me? You want
to hear an angel's story? You want to
hear something fun? I mean, I don't
know. I talk a lot, but then
it's like, how long have you been on here
for? You know, how long have we been
on here? I told Diana, I said, 'I promise
I won't talk a long time
tonight.'An
hour and three minutes.
'Really?''Yeah.'Then
Diana said, 'I got so much to
do.''No,
I'm
fine.'I
felt bad because she's so slammed busy. 'No,
I wouldn't come. I'm
good.'I
felt for her because I told her,
'Babe, you...'She works
until the wee hours of the morning. Every day
she does, trying to answer people and
emails. You wouldn't believe the emails
we get. On average, how many do you
think? 10,000?
It's incredible.
A lot.
She can't count them all
anymore.
She looks at the ones that
have
the Holy Spirit, so, 'What do you want me
to open today? Because I can't do it
all.'I
don't always respond even; I
just pray.
It's too much.
So many needs. So many people are so
hungry.
And so you just go with what God's given
you with the time you've been given in a
day, and you just say, 'God, the rest of
them, if they slip through the
cracks, you're going to have to help us.
You're going to have to help
us.'But
it's amazing. It really is.
Father, I thank you for every
single person who's represented here
tonight. And they all want to go tubing,
Lord. They are all so thirsty.
And Father, as it gets late here again,
we
thank you, Father, that we just
take our time to tell you we love you.
Father, if we can just get one saved
today,
if we could get a hundred, I'd be
excited. If a thousand,
I'd run around the house again. But I
just want to say thank you
for what you've done with this ministry,
for what you've done with us,
Lord, warning the people what's coming.
We humble ourselves before you, Father. And
God, we're just so grateful for every
person who's come here tonight, even to
watch us and come and hear about
Jesus.
Lord, we lift up the body before you,
and we're just so grateful that you died
for us,
that you healed us, and it's by grace.
God, your grace is enough for every
single person who's watching this
tonight.
They look at their life as so messed up
and they don't know how they're ever
going to be perfect enough to get to
where they need to go, but
it's all by your grace, and you save
them just as they are. And you'll
clean them up from the inside out by
reading the word and by spending time in
fellowship. You'll fix the mess and make
it a message.
No matter how lost they really are, no
matter how much they think that they're
too far gone, Jesus Christ made a way
for you to live in victory.
And they came here tonight because
a lot of them
are just worn out with life.
And he said, 'Come unto me, all ye that
are heavy laden, and I'll give you rest.'I'll
give you
rest.
And a lot of them
just want a breath of air tonight
because they've been bobbing in that
ocean of life. And the ocean, the
cork, and the heaviness of life
are
pulling them so far down under, they
don't know how they're going to get
another breath. And they're just saying,
'Father, could I please have a good
lungful
of air? I'm dying.
I need a touch of Jesus tonight.
I need to know that everything is going
to be okay.
I need to know that my trials of
life have an expiration date.
I need to know that my life is not too
far gone that you can't fix it.
I'm broken, Dad. I'm broken, Father, and
I can't do this anymore without
you.'If
that's you tonight, and you're
watching this right now, and you're
saying, 'Brandon, I just need help.
I just need a fresh start.
I just need a drink of water. I just
feel so dry spiritually. I just feel
that I'm dying inside. My marriage is
broken. My kids are wayward. I'm strung
out on alcohol. I'm strung out on
pornography. Strung out on drugs, strung
out on all these things, and I just need
a fresh start
tonight.'I
don't believe that you came by
accident.
I believe you clicked on this out of
desperation and the Holy Spirit's
drawing you here.
And if that's you, and you're that
person that this is ministering
to—'I'm
just strung out. I've been
abused sexually. I've been abused
verbally. I've been abused mentally,
emotionally, physically. I've been
abused in so many areas of my life, and
I just need a friend. I just need a
friend.
Would you pray for me?
Would you pray for me?'And Diana and I
want to pray for you today.
If
you're watching this and you
just feel so broken,
if that's you and that's ministering to
you, and you feel that tug and that
scratching on the inside, that's the
Holy Spirit.
He's knocking on your door:
'Hey, you're here tonight, and I just
want to turn your mess into a message.
I want to wash you with my
precious love and my blood. I want to
wash you and make you new again.
I want to wash you. I want to help you.
Will you let me in? Will
you
let me
in?'If
that's you and you feel, 'God's never
going to want to help me,'you're wrong.
You're never too far gone for Jesus to
love you out of it.
You're never too far gone that you think
your life's too broken and too messed
up. 'Well, I've already had a sex
change. I'm transgender.'God will turn
your life around if you just say yes. If
you just come to him, all ye that are
heavy laden, all ye that have all this
stuff on you. 'I'm
already in the change.
I'm getting a sex change right now.
I'm too far. God's never going to want
me now. I've done all these things to my
body.
I'm a girl trying to be a boy. I'm a boy
trying to be a girl. And I'm actually
getting the change done right now, and
I'm too far gone for God to save
me.'No,
you're never too far gone. He loves you,
and he'll accept you just as you are.
But he'll change you as you come
to him.
He'll make you whole again as you get
into this word.
He loves you. He loves you just right
now, and he's saying, 'If you just come
to me, I'll clean you up. I'll fix you.
I'll make you
well.'All
the torment, all the stuff you're
dealing with,
all the confusion that you're feeling on
a day-to-day basis,
he's just saying, 'I just want to love
on you
tonight.'And
if that's tugging at
you—you've
been in the sex trade, you've been a
stripper, you've been
in
the bad internet stuff,
whatever, doing stuff, and you think,
'Man, God's never going to accept
me'—I'm
telling you, he loves you and he has
a plan for your life.
So we want to say a prayer with you
right now.
We want to pray with you right where you
are,
and we just want to be that
shoulder that you can cry on through
a
computer screen. This screen
right here, we want to be that shoulder
that you can cry on, and we want to
help pray for you. We want to love you
and tell you God has a plan for your
life.
No matter how many piercings, no matter
what
you got going on, we
want to love you just as you are,
and we want to tell you everything's
going to be okay from this day forward.
You're going to turn this around.
God's got this.
So we're going to pray with you. And if
that's you,
Jesus died for you publicly,
and I want you to be bold right now.
We don't want to know what you've
been into. That's none of our
business; that's God's business. But we
want you to be bold about your faith and
say, 'Tonight's my night. I want to get
saved. Tonight's my night. I want to
give my heart to Jesus Christ.
I don't want to do this anymore without
him.
I've been so broken. I'm on the verge of
wanting to end my life. I've been on the
verge of doing it.'But tonight's my
night, and I'm coming home.
You're watching this broadcast right now,
and if that ministers to you and you feel
that scratching on the inside, that's
Jesus knocking at your door. I want you
just to say, "Tonight's my night. I want
to be saved."And repeat this prayer
after us. Say, "Jesus,
I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died for me and you rose
again on the third day.
Jesus, I'm a sinner
and I need a Savior.
Jesus, I ask you to forgive me of my
sins.
I ask you to wash me and cleanse me from
all unrighteousness.
Today, Lord, I turn my back on the world
and all that I was doing. I turn my back
on the devil. I turn my back on my past.
And from this day forward, Lord, I'll
seek you.
From this day forward, Lord, I'm sold
out to you.
I ask you to write my name, Lord,
in
the Lamb's Book of Life.
Wash me. Cleanse me from all of it. Wash
me with your precious blood. Cleanse me.
Make me new tonight, Lord.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm saved.
Thank you, Lord, that today I'm born
again and that you're giving me a fresh
start today.
Oh Lord, it's so beautiful.
Behold, he makes all things new.
Now, you may stumble tomorrow. You may
stumble five minutes after this, and you may
mess up and fall into sin
again or whatever. But you run to God
when you sin. You don't run from him.
And you say, "Jesus, I need help with
this. I can't do this on my
own."Remember,
and how you do this is you get in this
Bible every day. You find your Bible,
you get a Bible, and you read your Bible
every single day. Start with Psalms.
Start with Proverbs, things that are
easy reads because you're a baby
Christian. You just got born again. So,
you read those and you find a
Bible-believing
church. I would say a
non-denominational church. That's where
Diana and I would go. Find a
non-denominational church. Go to church
every Sunday, Wednesday, when they have
the doors open and tell them, "I just
got born again on the internet and I
want to be water-baptized.
I
need help.
Can y'all help me? I just got
saved."And
you get plugged in there, you go to
church, you read your Bible, you pray,
you come to our channel, you pray with
us, you be part of our Christian
community here, and I believe the Lord
will change you from the inside out.
I do because he did it for me.
He did it for Diana.
And if he can turn me and do what he's
done for me, he can sure do it for you.
So
yes, and if you don't have a Bible and
you can't afford one, we would like to
bless you with one. So if you go down
into the description, you will see our
email address. And if you just put 'I
can't afford a Bible'in the
subject line and then put your
name and your address in the email,
we will get a Bible in the mail
to you to bless you, just to celebrate
your new walk with the Lord, and make
sure you just read it every day. You get
it inside of you. His word is a lamp
to your feet and a light to your path.
Yep. And he'll hide his word in my heart that
I
might not sin against you,
Lord. I believe that's what the key
is: getting in the Word. You have to read
his Bible, and I'm telling
you, it'll change you from the inside out.
And don't let sister clipboard bust
you in the head if you look a little
different. Okay? Just know, hey, say,
"Honey, I'm here. Just
be glad I'm here. I once was lost and
now I'm found. I may be a little
different, but I'm going to get people
saved that you never
could."Sister
clipboard, I'm here to
help you out. So, don't worry about that
because you're always going to have
somebody. Trust me, I've been there.
Just know that Jesus loves you just as
you are. And you don't have to worry
about sister clipboard.
Don't worry about it. There's always
going to be somebody.
Just keep standing, hun. Keep standing,
sir. And you got this. God's got this.
And it's going to be a
journey, and it's going to be
wonderful. And when you get on the other
side, if I don't see you on this side of
the earth, give me a high five when we
meet in heaven and say, "You led me to
Jesus."And
I'll be all going, "That's
so exciting. I'll do a dance with
you."Okay?
Isn't that going to be so fun?
We'll have eternity together. We'll be
up there. We'll be like bumping
shoulders. Boo. I remember you.
So, all right. Well, let's now we'll
take him in. The Lord just really put it
on my heart to do that altar call
because I don't know, somebody's watching...
I don't know how many people got
saved tonight but I believe there's
somebody watching that needed Jesus
so we can talk about some stories
about Jesus and what's happened to us
and some visitations that we've had, but
I think we'll just go to communion first. So ready,
let's take it. Father, we just thank you
Lord for the body like we said. We take
this body in the name of Jesus and we
thank you Lord for your healing power
that flows on the inside of us and we
take it by faith in Jesus'name. Amen.
Oh yeah. Yeah.
You want some, Braden? You can have it too.
Yeah. Father, we thank you for the blood
and we make much of the blood and the
blood makes much of us. And we plead the
blood of Jesus over us tonight. And we
thank you Lord Father that we wash
ourselves
in the precious blood. We put
angels all around this room
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. And we plead
the blood of Jesus over us in
Jesus'name.
And we thank you Lord Father that
you've called us and chose us for such a
time as this. And we take the blood and
we apply it to our life tonight in
Jesus'name.
Amen. And amen.
That's the way we take communion. It's
not religious at all. It's just
relationship.
It's just relationship. I am so beyond
religion like that. I just want
relationship. An authentic move of God,
an authentic presence on our life.
May not be, you know, what you're used
to, but it works for us.
So, Father, now we anoint
ourselves with oil. Father, I thank you,
Lord. I anoint myself with oil.
Before I step in, this is my oil that I
got from Billy Burke. Isn't that nice?
It smells like frankincense.
It's my favorite.
I'm so thankful for that. It was a gift
I got for Christmas.
Father, I thank you, Lord, for the blood
that covers me.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
And we believe in the baptism of the
Holy Ghost here. So, some of y'all don't
know what that is. That's Acts chapter
2. If you want to know more about it,
read the book Why Tongues by Kenneth
Hagin.
It's a short little read. You
can
get it on Amazon or someplace,
or you can probably find it for free on
there. Why Tongues by Kenneth
E. Hagin.
Yeah, if you Google it, I think you can.
It's free.
People have downloaded it all over the
place.
But I'm going to pray in the spirit because
I don't have anything in English. So
that's why I was going to tell y'all.
Hold on.
You start praying tonight for the
married couples real quick. I got to
start coughing.
Okay.
If you're believing God in your
marriage, we're just going to pray
over that right now. Father, we come
before you right now. And I don't know
if I'm talking loud enough. My voice
doesn't carry like Brandon's.
Lord, we come before you right now and
we lift up these marriages. Father,
anyone that's watching that's believing
God for their marriages, we thank you.
We lift them up before you and we pray
over their marriage. We thank you that
in this covenant, you know, the devil
doesn't like blood covenants, covenants
between marriages. And so we
come before this. We're these units,
these strong units before you, Father,
that they are covered in the blood, that
they do not have—there's no strife.
We pray over their marriages that
there's no strife because where there's
strife, we know there's every evil work
as it says in your word. And we come
before you, God, and we thank you that
they are covered,
that they walk in unity, that
there's no division in their marriages,
in their homes.
In the Word, it says, "As for me and my
house, we will serve the Lord."And we pray
peace over their homes. We pray peace
over their marriages. We pray peace
over their children. And we thank you
that as they walk in love, as they walk
as a unit, that they go higher. They go
higher in you. There's peace. There's
unity in
Jesus'name.
Amen. I agree: peace and joy in
their home.
Yes, joy like they've never known,
peace as they've never known,
over their households,
and
no more
drama. And as they raise their children
up, when they grow older, they will not
depart from it in
Jesus'name.
Thank you, Father. I agree with what
Dina said. Father, I thank you, Lord,
for your peace. Now, Lord, we just lift
up this beautiful nation before you
tonight. And we thank you, Father, for
all of our great leaders that you've
brought to this great nation.
From Pete—is it Pete? What's his name,
that guy that's over the
Pentagon? We just lift them up before
you, Father, in the decisions when they
had this big meeting.
And we thank you, Father, that every rat
will be exposed in the name of Jesus. We
lift up this great nation before you in
the name of Jesus, and we call peace
that passes our understanding over our
leadership. We say, "Satan, get your
hands off of our president in the name
of Jesus."And we put angels all around
the White House right now in
Jesus'name.
We put angels around him, around
his children, around Eric and Don
Jr. and the grandkids, and
over the daughters and over
Barron
and over, Father. I just thank you, Lord,
that no weapon formed against his
children will prosper. We thank you,
Lord, that a thousand shall fall at
their side and ten thousand at their right
hand, but nothing shall come nigh them.
We plead the blood of Jesus Christ over
every person that's represented in
that government office and his staff and
over his—I don't know,
there's a whole bunch of people in
there, but Father, we just cover every
single one of them in the blood of
Jesus. Father, that he'll not take
counsel from ungodly people. We thank
you, Lord, that you're raising up
righteous men and women with a backbone
like a crowbar, ready to take this
nation back for Jesus, having the
greatest revival this world has ever
seen before. In the name of Jesus, we
believe, Father, that you've called us
and you chose us for such a time as
this. And we plead the blood of Jesus
over our great nation, over our
president, over his heart, over his
health, over his arteries. I pray over
his arteries in the name of Jesus. I
pray over his thinking and over
his brain and no strokes.
It's over his brain, concerning his mind
on his right side,
concerning on the right side of
his temple on this side of his brain. I
see it. We pray over his arteries. We
pray over any plaque buildup,
over his neck, over his body,
around by his ear. We pray
over his right of his heart. Praying
over his body and every area of his
life, Father, that it functions like
it's supposed to.
Circulation:
circulation in his legs, circulation in
his arms, circulation in his body, the
way his heart pumps to be stronger. His
youth is renewed like the eagle's. And we
believe, Father, that he'll live long
and finish strong.
Thank you, Father. Thank you, Lord, for
President Trump, that his body is healed
and whole and well in the name of Jesus.
And we pray over JD Vance,
and we pray over his wife and his
children. Father, we thank
you, Lord, that there is
a fire in his belly. You stir
him up. There's a fire in his belly, and
he's loyal.
I pray a loyalty around this man right
now in the name of Jesus.
That the enemy would try to come in and
cause division in this camp,
that the enemy would try to come in with
arrogance and pride—"Well, this is
the way I'd do, this is the way I do"—no, a
peace and a unity within.
No division even in the third year.
I see the third year. Praying for peace
and unity all through the four
years,
going into the third year.
It's highlighted.
I see the fall leaves on the trees in
this year.
It's concerning a major decision that
will be made.
We pray over our
nation, over every decision, that this
will be like the Ronald Reagan
era
like you've showed me, Lord.
Father, I thank you, Lord.
You're going to see a blessing
as he lined up with Israel, as he's done
these things in the last two days.
You're going to see a transfer and
like a greater grace on this
administration than what you've ever
seen before.
I'll repeat that: as you've seen
the decisions he's made standing with
Israel on Tuesday,
you're going to see a greater grace
concerning decisions that were being
made, of a blessing on this
administration
that we've never seen before.
There's an extension of greater grace, a
greater blessing on this administration
than what you've ever seen before,
to get the job done.
Favor to get the job done.
Out of what seems to be completely
impossible,
it will become possible.
Out of what seems to be
completely—I
mean, the odds are against
it—God
will turn it and give you a window.
God will turn it and give us a window.
Even more so, this is solidified
because of the decisions of what we've
done to bless this week.
Pray for that
agreement of blessing to be strengthened
and reinforced.
A reinforcing of the blessing.
A reinforcing of, like putting
walls—I
see, like when you see something that's
strong that's like a rope that's
attached to something and it's
pulling—a
reinforcement around that as a
layer of a force field,
a Holy Ghost force field of blessing on
the president and his marriage, his wife,
that what the devil meant for bad,
God's going to turn around for good and
it's going to be
even more of a
three-stranded
cord is not easily broken.
A three-stranded cord is not easily
broken. And I see an extension of a rope,
and it's intertwined
like a braid
in the spirit realm. And a
three-stranded
cord is not easily broken,
and the blessing
and the increase of wisdom of Solomon,
of favor in a way of thinking,
is going to come in. What
tried
to be confusion, as you line up
and do this, it lines up with the
end-time
assignment more. It lines up with
the end-time assignment.
This was a major deal. And
even as of tomorrow,
it will be more solidified;
meetings,
things will be more solidified.
And boy, the world is going to squawk.
They're going to squawk.
All Europe, they're squawking.
They'll be squawking.
But as the enemy is surrounded on all
sides,
the hand of the Lord will come in on
this. Watch what happens. The hand of
the Lord.
I see the wall coming down.
I see that wall coming down.
Take down that
wall. Take down that wall. Remember
I said it's like Ronald Reagan, "take
down the
wall."You
hear me?
I see there's something there. There's
more to this
with the war games that will try to be
intensifying.
You must pray for him every day.
President Trump, you must pray for this
man every day,
to uncover what's inside
the Trojan horses inside of our
nation.
They're inside our nation,
the enemy within.
The enemy within. An uncovering of the
enemy within this nation,
foreign and domestic.
I hear that: foreign adversaries and
domestic adversaries. Our own homegrown
morons
versus these ones that have come over
from overseas.
Lone wolf attacks,
an uncovering even of it. And I told
you as that George figure was being
influenced by the devil to bring a
satanic agenda to influence these people
that were already trying to
transition in their life and do these
things. They had a reprobate mind.
And that's what you see. Every single
one of those attacks have been people
that are going through a transition.
And that's what the Lord was showing me.
We pray over this because the
principalities work through the
personalities.
We pray protection over tomorrow.
We pray a hedge of protection over our
city. Yes. I can't get into that.
I don't know how to say that. I can't
say what I just saw,
but I'll say this: pray
protection around tomorrow.
Pray a hedge that every plot,
every plan of the wicked concerning
anything that goes on tomorrow is
uncovered,
that
they come in one way and scatter
seven.
Do you understand what I'm saying?
The Lord said, 'Just pray in the spirit
concerning what you just saw, and just
pray in the spirit and I'll take
care of the rest.'He said, 'Do you
understand what I'm saying?'I said,
'Okay,'because
I was like, 'What do you
want me to do with that?'and I don't
know what to do with that. That's why
I'm silent for a minute. And I was like,
'What do you want me to do with
that?'And
so He said, 'If you
pray in the spirit, you pray with all
you got right now concerning
tomorrow.'So
I want you to pray, and
let's just do it for five, all of
us together praying in the spirit, or you
pray in English and just ask God for
a
hand of angels. Send Your angels to
protect every dignitary, to
protect New York, to protect other
cities,
praying for
protection over our great nation
tomorrow. Okay.
Even going
into Saturday
over Israel today, even over
Jerusalem, over any surprise attacks,
any lone wolf attacks.
What did I tell you
after the 23rd, 24th, 25th fires?
Remember this? I can say that. Remember
what I've warned you concerning praying
over the days after.
I've
said that's enough.
We pray over the New York Yankees.
We pray
a
hedge around and about
the stadium. We put a bloodline around
the stadium right now in the name of
Jesus. No weapon
over every place of transportation
all
throughout the city.
Go deeper.
Celebrity.
Over every avenue.
I can't forget anything right now.
Help me, Father, to remember.
Oh, Book of
Psalms.
Every depot,
every one of them.
Oh my goodness.
Help me to get all this out, Father,
about
the
heart.
Oh, Jesus.
We pray a hedge around and about him. We
pray protection over Benjamin today. We
pray a hedge around and about him,
over everything.
We pray
around and about him,
over
every building.
Oh, Father.
God's hand is on it.
Even with that man,
I see that man.
Okay.
We pray a hedge of protection all around
Benjamin today. We pray a hedge of
protection around him today, around him
tomorrow, around him on Saturday, around
him around these time frames. I pray a
hedge
of protection all around him in the
name of Jesus. We pray a hedge around and
about him
over the nation of Israel. We pray a
hedge
around and about the nation of Israel,
around America, around
our cities, around our major cities,
around our major buildings, around our
places of commute
and
transportation,
and our major buildings. We
pray a hedge around our sporting events.
We pray a hedge around and about our
events,
that the angels of the Lord are around
and about them in Jesus'name. Around and
about our churches,
around and about
our infrastructure,
praying about our infrastructure, our
basic needs.
We thank you, Father
Lord.
We thank you, Lord, for the NYPD.
For that one individual You're showing
me right now, I see that person.
You've anointed them and You've called
them for such a time as this.
Keep their eyes open. Father,
I pray over that individual at the NYPD,
and I pray for supernatural protection,
wisdom, and a heightened alert—a heightened alert,
a
heightened alert.
No more
activists
with—okay,
I'll use this
word—Palestinian
sympathizers.
Antifa
funded by deep pockets.
Deep pockets.
Praying over
mass transit.
Praying over protection.
Praying over our beautiful nation,
praying over our people, mass
gatherings. Pray over our people.
Thank you, Father.
We thank you for Your angels. We
thank you, Father.
We're so grateful, Father.
Oh boy. So, I pray in the spirit over
it, but I cannot talk about this stuff
on there, y'all.
Every plot, every plan, every scheme,
everything they have planned, I call it
uncovered in Jesus'name. I call it
uncovered. I pray protection over
Benjamin. I pray protection over our
nation. I pray protection over our
president. I pray protection over our
law enforcement. I pray over
our local police department,
sheriff's department, our FBI, our
Homeland Security, over our Pentagon,
over our areas of protection, and
our line of defense over this great
nation. I pray a hedge of protection
over every single one of them, that they
would have heightened alert.
They would have heightened alert,
and when people go in public places,
they would be heightened alert. And
Oktoberfest—heightened
alert at mass gatherings.
Oktoberfest.
Okay, I think I can say this out loud.
He said I can say the one word: Boston.
Boston.
Praying over the city of Boston.
Thank you, Father.
Thank
you,
Father.
Everything that can be shaken will be
shaken
in a 24-hour
period. Everything will change.
Everything will change in a 24-hour
period. That's what we pray.
I see so much change in a 24-hour
period. We pray a hedge of
protection over our great cities.
Change.
Change. Everything will change in a
24-hour period is what I hear in the
spirit realm. I hear this in the spirit
realm. Everything will change.
A great revival,
a great revival is standing at the door.
A great shaking to awaken. Well, I'm
telling you this: what's the domino?
What makes everything? I'm telling you,
a major event that brings forth
awakening.
People go, 'Oh,'they're waking up, and then
they go to church.
They go to church. That's what happened
with Charlie. Everybody wakes up, they
go to church.
Wake up. There's a wake-up, and then
there's a lot of church.
There's an awakening, and there's a lot of
church.
A lot of people pulling their heads out of the
sand, going, 'Oh, oh.'It's like
how you slap somebody
sober.
You slap them sober. It's like
slapping somebody sober.
That's what I see, somebody just getting
slapped sober. They're just like, 'Get
up.'You
know, it's like when you
slap them sober.
That's what's going to happen. A lot of
people will be slapped sober.
Wake up. Wake up, church. Wake up,
church.
The
Lord said everybody—there are so many
people whose attention will be on
the news.
They'll wake up. They'll wake up.
Wake up, O sleeping sluggard, wake up! O
sluggard,
wake up! Open your eyes. Open your
eyes. The Lord said, 'Open your
eyes.'So
many people are asleep,
and there'll be a great revival. Revival.
I see a great revival coming.
So many people are so asleep.
We pray protection over our beautiful
land,
over every individual that's listening
tonight. We thank you, Lord, that Your hand
is
on them. You know, Psalms 91,
ladies and gentlemen. Let's read that
together. I feel to read Psalms 91.
Okay, you know what? And Diana's going to
read it because she reads a lot better
than me. If I read it, you're going
to be like, "What did he just
say?"But
we're going to read Psalms 91. And I
want you to really memorize Psalms
91 in the days ahead. But Diana's going
to read Psalms 91. And I want you to
think about what Psalms 91 is saying for
you and your household,
for this nation. Put this
nation, put your nation, England, and all
these others, as that's what
we're praying over your area where you
are. Okay. So read it.
This is Amplified. I have King
James memorized. Do you want me to say
King James?
No, I just want you to read. It's
Amplified. Amplified is good today.
Okay. He who dwells in the secret place
of the Most High shall remain stable and
fixed under the shadow of the Almighty,
whose power no foe can withstand. I will
say of the Lord, "He is my refuge and my
fortress, my God. On Him I lean and rely,
and in Him I confidently
trust."For
then He will deliver you from the
snare of the fowler and from the
deadly pestilence. Then He will cover
you with His pinions, and under His wings
shall you trust and find refuge. His
truth and His faithfulness are a shield
and a buckler. You shall not be afraid
of the terror of the night, nor of the
arrow, the evil plots and slanders of
the wicked, that flies by day, nor of the
pestilence that stalks in darkness, nor
of the destruction and sudden death
that surprise and lay waste at noonday.
A thousand may fall at your side, and ten
thousand
at your right hand, but it shall
not come near you. Only a spectator
shall you be,
yourself inaccessible in the secret
place of the Most High, as you witness
the reward of the wicked, because you
have made the Lord your refuge, and the
Most High your dwelling place. There
shall no evil befall you, nor any plague
nor calamity come near your tent. For He
will give His angels a special charge
over you to accompany and defend and
preserve you in all your ways of
obedience and service. They shall bear
you up on their hands, lest you dash
your foot against a stone. You shall
tread upon the lion and adder; the young
lion and the serpent shall you trample
underfoot.
"Because he has set his love upon Me,
therefore will I deliver him. I will set
him on high because he knows and
understands My name, has a personal
knowledge of My mercy, love, and
kindness, trusts and relies on Me, knowing
I will never forsake him. No, never. He
shall call upon Me and I will answer
him. I will be with him in trouble. I
will deliver him and honor him. With
long life will I satisfy him and show
him My
salvation."Glory
to God. I love that. I love that
chapter.
That's what you need to stand on.
That's what you're going to have to live
by.
You're going to have to believe that
with all your heart for things I
just saw. I want you to understand,
I'm very guarded by some things
that I say now after this last couple of
days, but I want you to
know that I've never called
anyone to fear. I call people to pray,
but I show you the way to get
the Word down inside of you so that you
have wisdom on how to stand on scripture
for your protection, for you to be in the
right place at the right time, doing
exactly what the Lord has
told you to do that day. You know,
during
9/11,
there was a lot of people that didn't
show up to work that day that were
supposed to be there because they felt
something. There was something that they
just had an uneasiness of; they just
didn't go to work because of it, or a
distraction or whatever. So, if you are
in an area and you're waking up and you
feel a tug at your heart, now make
sure it's the Spirit of the Lord,
and you take communion and you
pray and bind the devil off,
so
that you know when
the Holy Spirit is leading you versus your
flesh or torment—we're not to be
tormented. Fear has torment,
but perfect love casteth out all
fear. But if you have that, and the Holy
Spirit is telling you to do something
that day, maybe any day ahead, do
you understand what I'm talking about?
It's not just about tomorrow. It's not
about this week.
This is something that we have to live
by because we're in the end times. But
if you have an inward check inside,
you think, "Man, I just—let
me
be a little
late."Follow
the voice of God in your life,
so
that you are protected by His goodness
and His mercy and Psalms 91.
Follow the leading of the Holy Spirit
concerning
your life, and you
will have that
divine protection.
Okay? Don't second-guess it. Follow
the voice of the Lord. But just
meditate on it and say, "Lord, I thank
you that you've always got me in the right
place at the right
time."As
the days get darker and darker, the
light gets lighter and lighter. But you
need to be in the right place at the
right time. And that's not a bad thing
to say: "I'm always in the right place at
the right time, doing exactly what I'm
supposed to be doing, following the
voice of the Lord for my life."No matter
what happens, and then in the days ahead
going through the rest of 2025 and 2026,
"I'm always in the right place at the
right time."And you pray the same for
our president: protection over
the Secret Service, over all of
them. We thank you, Lord, that all our law
enforcement are in the right place at
the right time and they see what they're
supposed to see.
Even any kind of suspicious thing,
they go, "That's not normal right
there."And
they don't even know why,
but they were just there, listening to
the voice of God. That's divine
protection.
And so we pray over our NYPD and our
people, and they will hear the Lord.
Secret Service,
our amazing law women and men,
protectors—thank
God for them.
Our FBI, our highway patrol, all of
them—thank
God for them. So that's what
we need to pray for them. I heard
that we need to really pray for them to
have supernatural wisdom and that they would
see with discernment, not just in their
natural mind, and they go, "You know what?
I'm..."—and
they may not even be
born again, but they're led by the
Spirit of God because
they are in a position of
authority—to
say, "Listen, watch over there.
Look for these evildoers,
weapons of mass
destruction."Okay,
so that's what I'm going to say, and
that's all I will say concerning
regarding evildoers. In Psalms
92, verse 7, it says that though the
wicked spring up like grass and all
evildoers flourish, they are doomed to
be destroyed forever.
Yes.
Psalm what? Say it again.
I actually wrote that during 9/11. You
did?
It says George W. Bush
right there.
Well, that's pretty cool. It just goes
with what I'm trying to tell you all.
I've seen a lot tonight,
and you really need to take this prayer
time serious.
I don't—like I said, I'm very
watchful after this—but I
gave what I can, so I want you to
really—I
like that, Psalms 92:7.
Read Psalms 92:7, that's a good one.
George W. Bush. I remember 9/11.
That he came out and said "the
evildoers."That's
why I wrote that. I think
we have to catch these
people that came over during the Biden
administration.
We have people that are no joke.
So we pray for all hidden things to be
revealed. So, do you think we prayed
enough? I
just—Yeah,
I thought we did.
We hit it pretty hard, I think.
Can I say something? I felt
led—Anytime,
babe.
Sorry.
You talk. Can you talk? Less than I am,
my voice is ready to rest.
Well, I didn't want to interrupt the
flow, but earlier when I was praying
over the marriages, I felt led to say
this. The song, "The
Blessing"—I
sing that song over my family and my
children and my marriage. And the words,
when you sing it, let it resonate. If
you play that in
your house, the words,
"May His favor be upon you and a thousand
generations, and your family and your
children and their children and their
children."So,
I
don't sing about the Lord; I sing to the
Lord. I say, 'Lord, may your favor be
upon me for a thousand generations and
my family and my marriage and my
children and their children.
May your presence go before me and
behind me and beside me, all around you
and within you.'You are in me. You
are in me. And when I say that over my
household, over our family, over
our children, over our marriage,
so I just thought that was a good thing
to say.
I like it.
I felt led to say it. So,
it's a good song. It's an atmosphere
that permeates your home.
Kari
Jobe.
Yeah,
I love that.
I like her a lot.
That's all
she sings. I like it when they came to
our church at Victory when we worked
there and she was just getting started,
and I remember
her and her husband, they weren't even
married yet. He was just
there.
I'll never forget that. I was a
janitor then, bringing in and
taking the trash out, and they were in
the green room,
her band, you know, before
they got huge.
Like I said, they were
nobodies.
They just were at Gateway Church.
Yeah, that song is one of my favorites
of hers. It's called 'The
Blessing.'Yep,
at Victory.
I have a lot of heavy...
there's a lot of things I just
don't know what to say, but I'm a
little bothered.
I'm trying to
release all this to
move on tonight so you all
can go rest. But I'm just telling you
all, this is very serious.
It's another level of intercession that
a lot of the babies don't
understand. But I'm going to tell you,
as somebody who prays, I
want you to really look at me. I'm
telling you this is very serious, what
I'm seeing.
This is very serious
for a lot of people. It will be life and
death.
These people mean business. They're
full of the devil.
And we wrestle not against flesh and
blood; we wrestle against principalities
and powers. I understand that.
It's the principalities working
through the personalities. But these
people, it's religion to them.
This isn't just some
demon-possessed person like
what happened with Charlie. These people
are sold out to a cause.
Their
minds are trained this way from
a
child—a
warped mindset.
A warped mindset they've been
trained in. It's
embraced inside of them.
From the people that I
just saw,
this isn't somebody
who's upset on the internet.
So
I just say, be very
attentive to your surroundings.
You know, when you go to
an event, a major event, and
you go hang out and you're wanting to go
have fun, just be attentive to your
surroundings. And if you feel funny, get
up and leave. Don't
second-guess
the Holy Spirit inside of you
trying to protect you. Listen to what
the spirit of the Lord is telling you to
do, ladies and gentlemen, and all will
be well with you.
The Holy Spirit is our friend. He's our
comforter. He is our
standby. He's everything. The Holy
Spirit is an ever-present help in a time
of need.
Never ignore Him.
So, glory to God. Father, I thank you,
Lord.
Thank you, Father.
We take all the care out of our prayer
tonight,
and we thank you, Lord, for Psalm 91,
and we take our rightful place seated
with you in the heavenlies.
Sister Billye always says, she goes,
'Brandon, don't forget to take your
seat today.
Don't forget to take your
seat, Brandon,'is what she tells me. I
just love her. She said,
'You've
got to take that seat and you've got to
take your authority as a believing
believer. You cannot go one
day,'she
tells me, 'and you better be
listening.'She
said, 'If I'm telling you
to take your place of authority
by taking your
seat,'and
she says, 'Do you have
that book?'I've
got my book. 'Did you tell me to read
that book?'She's always talking about that
book the Lord gave her. And I'm telling
you, ladies and gentlemen, she has a
book on the authority of the believer,
and it's a little book.
And she always says, 'Read my book about
the authority of the believer and
read that and meditate on
that and use your
authority.'So
you must
take your seat
above all principalities, above all
powers, above all might. You must take
your place of authority in these last
days.
So, Father, I thank you, Lord, for
Psalm
91. I thank you, Father, for
Ephesians 6.
I thank you,
Father, that we're seated in the
heavenlies. And we take our authority
right now and we say, 'Satan, you will
not touch our children. Satan, you will
not touch my wife, my finances,
or
me. I apply the blood of Jesus Christ
over Braden, Megan, Paisley, Diana,
and myself, and my finances, and even over my
property and everything I put the soles
of my feet on. I apply the blood.
I apply the blood and you will not
hinder, hurt, or harm us in any way. We
bind you in Jesus'name. We say you will
not touch us, hurt us, or harm us in any
way in the name of Jesus.
We bind you off of our homes. And
angels of the Lord, we release you to
protect us with your swords
and shields drawn in Jesus'mighty
name.'Do
you believe that? We do that. I take
my seat—that's what it means. She says,
'Take your seat.'And we plead the blood
and we say, 'You will not touch
us.'We
bind you off of our children. We bind
you off of our homes.
We bind you off of our
neighbors.
You hear me and you hear me
well: you will not touch this household
in Jesus'name. No shootings, no calamity
comes nigh me. No attempts on my life, nor
my wife, nor my children. We apply the
blood of Jesus.
You must do this.
Apply it over
Times
Square, over the transit
systems, over our president, over our
people. We apply the blood
if you live in that area.
So, do you understand what I'm saying?
Do they understand what I'm saying?
Tell me in the comment section. Comment
down
below if you understand what I am
saying.
Apply the blood of Jesus over you.
Anoint your kids with oil.
Take communion.
They get it.
Well, I'm glad you
understand. We love you and we're so
thankful that you came tonight.
This was probably one of the most
serious prayer sessions that
I've had in a while for what I just saw.
So, we just pray for you and your
families and we pray protection over the
next 48 hours going into this weekend
and going into these time frames,
praying over our great nation
going into October 1st. We're almost
to
October.
So,
we love you. Thank you for joining us.
If you could do us a favor, everyone
who's here, there's 5,700 of you,
subscribe.
Click the
like button, click the notification,
comment down below something
nice, and we will see you again soon.
Remember, put a smile on your face and a
song in your heart. Jesus loves you so
much and we love you. God bless you all,
and we'll see you again soon. Bye-bye.